hey what's up guys happy here I just
came back from Stanford University as a
part of the campus crawl season to trip
subscribe to see that soon let me show
you this I got some Stanford water this
is gonna make me smarter Wow
I feel my IQ increasing but anyway in
this video I'm gonna show you my first
impressions of Stanford University and I
introduced some students to see what is
actually like studying at Stanford I'll
see you at the end for a special
surprise let's go where am I going
I think I'm getting a call walking out
love the Stanford campus it gives me
that beachy feel this legit looks like a
beet fries or man what was your first
impression of Stanford University the
moment I step in here I thought I was in
the resort Sophia look at these palm
trees and these buildings they look like
a hotel studying here probably doesn't
feel like a beach resort because they
weren't so focused on research or their
academics student life at Stanford it's
very challenging everyone is very
competitive but if everyone is pushed to
succeed and thrive because everyone who
got in had to be competitive in high
school the culture here is definitely
strive for the best grades possible I
don't know I don't know how I feel about
this campus honestly like it's a lot of
walking it's huge like you have to bike
everywhere otherwise you'll have really
strong legs from walking which is also
really good the architecture here is
like kind of bland in my opinion I don't
like it and these architectures are not
very tall it's like they're flat
[Music]
what is that like to love you sure so I
live on campus in graduate housing and
the from what I understand of student
life and undergraduates is pretty active
sports activity clubs or like yeah a lot
of people are very just active generally
typically like in your apartment or
you'll make friends oh man was a long
walk to get here yeah so late dude this
is that Nvidia auditorium it's one of
the engineering classrooms so we can see
it everything is pretty new that's the
thing about engineering all the
engineering classes are new the rest of
campus is not as nice as this I think
there's a pretty heavy tech culture here
as someone who does literature it can be
kind of irritating to me that Silicon
Valley has a really big presence in
terms of funding in terms of research I
think Stanford as an institution tends
to put a lot more funding towards tech
and engineering computer science and
engineering they're two of the biggest
majors at Stanford do you think they
kind of overshadowed the other majors I
think a lot of people do start in CS or
do come to Stanford just for CS it does
overshadow some of the other majors in a
sense that people want to try it out
that's true that's true I mean like it's
a new hottest thing right now harder
than his son yeah as we were walking
around outside there's like so many
research centers
it's insane because like schools are
basically ranked on their research stamp
is ranked one or two so you know this is
how they get there yeah what do you guys
like to do on campus when you're not
studying there isn't much to do around
here in the middle of nowhere it's in
the middle of nowhere but at Stanford we
have a organization called Cardinal
knights and they host a bunch of events
on the weekends especially like Fridays
for student life we have things like
free tickets to like the movies or free
tickets to basketball games baseball
games otherwise there's always a lot of
parties
putting on the row the row is where all
the frat houses sorority houses are yeah
nice but before even arriving to campus
staying at the Airbnb near here it feels
very peaceful it's like the suburbs it's
a lot like middle-aged / old people so
there's not much excitement around here
honestly which is a great studying
environment and that's what I think
Stanford is good for when you come here
you have complete focus on your studies
because you're not distracted by like
going now to clubs go to bars but on the
weekends if you want you could actually
just take the train all the way to San
Francisco which is like another 40
minutes student life if you like sports
Stanford is definitely a place you want
to go to because they literally are the
best in the country there's no denying
that their trophy room just looks insane
what I personally want to study here I
mean other than the fact that it's
Stanford and you're getting a good
education just comparing the student
lives between all the campuses I visited
I would place this like mid-tier
honestly I think personally for me this
is a little bit too slow I like to be in
a big city I like things fast and here I
just don't feel that it feels too calm
too quiet
honestly I think the most comparable
school to Stanford is MIT because
they're both very focused on engineering
faculties between those I would rather
go to MIT actually because I don't know
I think that the people they're just a
little bit more nerdy which is great
haha they get really into what they're
doing what is the hardest part about
studying at Stanford I think it's
walking around if you don't have a bike
you're screwed I think today we walked
like 12 kilometers it's just doing the
campus crawl honestly my first
impression of Stanford it's great but
it's too slow for my taste personally
you can hit on me in the comments but
I'm just gonna give you my honest
opinion I know a lot of you want to gain
just
but getting to Stanford is hard but you
know what's not hard signing up for
today's sponsor brilliant org so brinda
org is a problem-solving website that
would teach you to think like a software
engineer they offer an online
interactive course called computer
science fundamentals and 50 other
courses but this course is perfect for
you college and high school students
want to see what computer science is all
about the best part is they break the
concepts into bite-size chunks and then
show you the thinking process lastly
they build it up to a really interesting
conclusion to understand computer
science better go to brilliant Dahl org
slash hafu to sign up for free and
they're also giving you the hafu
university scholarship so the first 200
people to click that link in the
description will get 20% off their
annual premium subscription so what are
you waiting for go check it out maybe
after taking that you won't need the
Stanford while they're like me my name
is - well hit the subscribe button I
will see you next time peace